SARAH'S A BIG PART
OF MY LIFE.
SHE'S GONNA BE
A PART OF RUBY'S.
-OKAY.
THIS OLIVER ROME--
HE'S GONE.
WE HAVE NO MONEY NOW COMING
INTO THE LUNCHEONE'ITE,
AND THEN, WHEN I GET HOME, JASMINE IS, LIKE,
"WHERE'VE YOU BEEN",
YOU KNOW,
"ARE YOU RIDING A MOTORCYCLE"? WHO CARES?
[Max]
DYLAN CURRENTLY
LIKES ME AT A 2 1/2.
I'M NOT SURE THAT YOUR ADVICE IS
ENOUGH TO BRING THAT UP TO A 5.
MY LIFE IS, LIKE, COMPLETELY OVER AS I KNOW IT.
YOU KIND OF DID IT
OUT OF ORDER,
BUT THAT DOES NOT MEAN
THAT YOUR LIFE'S OVER.
WHAT IS THIS?
IS THIS, LIKE, A TOY?
[Drew]
THIS IS A CRAZY SOCK.
[Woman]
ARE YOU GUYS LOOKING
FOR ANYTHING IN PARTICULAR?
DO YOU HAVE A SPECIFIC COLOR
SCHEME IN MIND,
OR ANYTHING?
COLOR SCHEME--NO, NO.
WE DON'T JUST--WE'RE NOT--
YEAH, AT THAT POINT.
WE'RE JUST SORT OF, LIKE,
"WHAT DO WE EVEN--
-YEAH, WHAT DOES SHE NEED?
-WHERE DO WE START"?
WELL, YOU COULD START
WITH THE CRIB.
THIS IS
A VERY POPULAR MODEL.
OKAY.
YEAH, THIS ONE LOOKS--
THIS ONE LOOKS NICE. RIGHT?
SO IT COMES WITH ALL THE
STUFF IN IT, AND IT'S--
OH, NO, NO, NO, YOU'RE GONNA
NEED TO ADD THE MATTRESS,
THE BEDDING,
THE BUMPER.
I'D PASS ON THE MOBILE.
THEY SAY IT KEEPS THE
BABY FROM SLEEPING,
WHICH IS THE OPPOSITE
OF WHAT YOU'LL WANT.
YEAH.TRUST ME.
BUT YOU'RE GONNA
NEED A CHANGING TABLE,
A ROCKER, OF COURSE,
A BJORN DIAPER BAG,
DIAPER GENIE--DEFINITELY
DON'T WANT TO SKIP ON THAT.
AND THEN
THERE'S THE STROLLER.
I CAN'T RECOMMEND THE ORIGAMI
STROLLER MORE HIGHLY.
IT'S GOT
A CELL PHONE CHARGER,
LCD DISPLAY, DAYTIME RUNNING
LIGHTS, PATHWAY LIGHTS, AND--
-OH, MY GOSH.
-AH! OH, MY GOD!
WOW, OKAY, THAT WAS
REALLY SOMETHING.
I COULD--I COULD SET YOU
GUYS UP WITH A REGISTRY.
I TAKE IT THIS IS
YOUR FIRST BABY?
-YEAH, IT'S HER FIRST BABY.
-IT'S MY BABY.
-YEAH, IT'S HER BABY.
-IT'S ONLY MY BABY. HE'S NOT--
-WE'RE NOT BOTH--
-THAT'S MY BROTHER.
HE'S YOUNG.
HE'S MY BROTHER.
-I'M SORRY.
-BUT ANWVAY--
I DON'T THINK
WE NEED THE REGISTRY.
I THINK WE'RE JUST GONNA LOOK
AROUND FOR A MINUTE.
YEAH, WE'RE GONNA
DO SOME LIGHT BROWSING.
-BUT THANK YOU.
-BUT, YES,
WE'LL THINK ABOUT THIS ONE.
IT'S--WHOA,
THAT'S JUST SO CRAZY.
THANK YOU.
IT'S LIKE--IT'S MORE THAN
MY APARTMENT.
-WE CAN GO TO TARGET OR--
-ALL RIGHT, LET'S JUST GO.
YOU SPEAK VERY CLEARLY
AND LOUDLY,
AND YOU SMELL
LIKE BABY POWDER.
UM...WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
IT SAYS ON WIKIHOW'S TIPS
FOR TEENAGE BOYS
THAT I SHOULD COMPLIMENT YOU
IN ORDER TO SHOW MY INTEREST.
WELL, I AM LOUD.
THAT'S FOR SURE.
PLEASE DON'T TOUCH THOSE.
YOU CAN BE A LITTLE NU'I'I'Y
ABOUT YOUR STUFF, MAX.
[Max]
THAT IS NOT
A COMPLIMENT.
I-I WAS TEASING YOU.
YOU'RE FUNNY
WITHOUT TRYING TO BE,
AND YOU HAVE NICE EYES,
YOU KNOW,
WHEN YOU ACTUALLY
LOOK DIRECTLY AT SOMEONE.
THANK YOU.
YOU KNOW YOUR PARENTS
HAVE WALKED BY, LIKE,
FIVE TIMES.
EXACTLY SIX TIMES.
-CLOSE CALL.
-GOOD ONE.
[Sarah]
LOOK IT-- MARSHMALLOW
EGGS--SO CUTE.
YOU CAN'T EAT IT--PUT IT BACK,
'CAUSE IT BREAKS THE SEAL.
I HATE MOM.
SHE'S THE WORST.
WHAT?
WHAT'S HAPPENED?
I WANT TO STAY
WITH YOU.
RUBY, LOOK, YOU'RE ALWAYS
WELCOME TO STAY WITH ME.
IT'S JUST LIKE
DOES SHE EXPECT ME
TO, LIKE, NEVER HAVE FUN?
WASN'T SHE EVER YOUNG, LIKE,
HOWEVER MANY MILLION YEARS AGO?
SHE JUST--
SHE DOESN'T GET IT.
IT'S JUST--IT'S SO MUCH BETTER
HERE WITH YOU GUYS, IT'S--
UH...
[laughs]
YOU KNOW, RUBY,
YOUR MOM'S YOUR MOM.
THAT'S THE WAY SHE IS.
BUT SHE'S GOT SOME RULES,
AND YOU'VE GOT TO LISTEN
TO THEM.
PLEASE, DAD, CAN I
PLEASE STAY WITH YOU?
ALL RIGHT,
WELL, TEXT HER.
TELL HER YOU'RE GONNA
STAY HERE.
GREAT. I ALREADY DID.
THANKS. YOU'RE AWESOME.
ALSO, I SO WON'T
BE IN YOUR HAIR,
BECAUSE TOMORROW NIGHT,
A FRIEND'S HAVING THIS, LIKE,
TOTALLY CASUAL GET-TOGETH ER,
AND I THINK
I'M GONNA GO, SO--
YEAH, IT'S--
IT'S A GET-TOGETH ER?
YEAH, IT'S REALLY
NO BIG DEAL AT ALL.
I MEAN, IT'S PROBABLY JUST
GONNA BE A FEW OF US,
AND I THOUGHT I COULD JUST GO
FOR JUST A LITTLE BIT
AND HANG OUT
WITH MY FRIENDS.
UH, OH--
YEAH, UM...OKAY, LET ME--
SO IT'S COOL?
YEAH, SU--
MAYBE, UH...MAYBE NOT.
MAYBE NOT--YOU KNOW WHAT?
-WHY?
-YOU KNOW WHAT? LET ME TALK IT
OVER WITH YOUR MOTHER.
THAT'S THE BOTTOM LINE,
REALLY.
LET ME JUST HAVE A LITTLE
PARENTAL DISCUSSION.
YOU KNOW HOW SHE IS.
THESE ARE...
THUMBS UP.
NO, I DID NOT KNOW ABOUT
THE TAX BREAKS IN IBIZA.
-MM-HMM.
-THAT SOUNDS LIKE A GREAT PLACE
TO RECORD AN ALBUM IF
YOU DON'T WANT TO GET
ANYTHING DONE.
NO, NO, LISTEN.
HERE'S WHAT I'M SAYING.
IF SHE'S WORKING OUT
NEW MATERIAL,
WHY NOT DO IT HERE
AT THE STUDIO?
THAT WAY,
WHEN SHE STRIKES GOLD,
WE'LL BE HAVING IT
ON RECORDING, YOU KNOW?
[Adam]
OKAY.
OKAY, THANKS A LOT.
SHE KNOWS HOW TO USE PRO
TOOLS NOW? OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.HEY, WHAT'S UP, AMBER?
HEY, HEY, I JUST--
IS NOW AN OKAY TIME
TO TALK TO YOU GUYS FOR A SEC?
-YEAH.
-YEAH, JUST AS GOOD AS ANY.
-WHAT'S UP?
-OKAY, COOL.
LET ME START BY SAYING YOU KNOW
HOW MUCH I LOVE WORKING HERE.
IT'S MY DREAM JOB,
AND I GET TO HANG OUT
WITH MY TWO COOLEST UNCLES.
THAT'S QUITE
A FRINGE BENEFIT.
-MM-HMM, IT'S TRUE.
-WOW, COME ON.
BUT SERIOUSLY, I FEEL LIKE
I'VE REALLY FLOURISHED HERE,
AND YOU GUYS HAVE TAUGHT
ME SO MUCH, YOU KNOW,
AND I REALLY
APPRECIATE IT.
AND I DO ALSO FEEL, THOUGH,
THAT I REALLY HAVE, YOU KNOW,
CONTRIBUTED A LOT.
-YOU HAVE.
-YES, ABSOLUTELY, YEAH.
YOU KNOW, LIKE,
I COULD GIVE YOU GUYS EXAMPLES,
YOU KNOW, WITH, LIKE,
ASHES OF ROME.
-SURE.
-OH, YEAH. IT WAS YOUR IDEA
TO DO THE LIVE SHOW.
-YEAH.
-YEAH, IT WORKED OUT GREAT.
-I VALUE YOU MORE THAN HIM,
IF THAT--
AND DEALING, YOU KNOW,
WITH THE ARTISTS, I MEAN,
IT'S REALLY IMPORTANT TO ME
TO TRY TO CONNECT AND HELP THEM
WITH THEIR ARTISTIC VISIONS
AND EVERYTHING, YOU KNOW.
AMBER, YOU'VE REALLY GROWN
IN THIS POSITION.
I MEAN,
WE BOTH THINK THAT.
AND I--
-WELL--
-WELL, AND YOU'VE
OUTGROWN THE POSITION.
YES, EVERYTHING'S--
EVERYTHING'S GROWING
EXCEPT FOR MY SALARY.
RIGHT.
-IT'S A JOKE, BUT--
-SURE.
-BUT YES, UM...
-MM-HMM.
I KNOW--I DO KNOW
THAT THINGS HAVE BEEN SLOW HERE,
BUT OBVIOUSLY, THINGS
ARE GONNA PICK RIGHT BACK UP.
-YEAH, WE THINK SO.
-YEAH. OH, THEY WILL.
THEY ALWAYS DO.
BUT HONESTLY,
I FEEL SO PASSIONATE,
AND I KNOW THAT THIS PLACE
IS GONNA SKYROCKET,
AND WHEN IT DOES
I REALLY, REALLY WANT TO,
LIKE, WORK TOWARDS BEING A FULL,
ARTISTIC PARTNER
WITH YOU GUYS.
YOU KNOW?
-YEAH.
-MM-HMM.
AND I JUST FEEL
THAT I SHOULD BE PAID A SALARY
THAT IS COMMENSURATE
WITH MY ABILITIES.
WELL, OF COURSE SHE SHOULD.
-WELL, AMBER, WE--
-WE'LL HAVE TO--
WE HEAR EVERYTHING
YOU'RE SAYING, AMBER,
AND JUST NEED TO TAKE IT
INTO CONSIDERATION
BEFORE WE COMMIT.
OH, OKAY.
ALL RIGHT,
WELL, THANKS FOR LISTENING.
-YOU BET.
-OKAY.
-GOOD--GOOD JOB.
THANK YOU.
OH.
WHEN WE WERE YOUNG
WE WERE SMALL
BUT WE DIDN'T KNOW IT
AH-AH-AH
WHEN YOU WERE HURT
YOU WOULD SMILE
SO YOU DIDN'T SHOW IT
AH-AH-AH
AND I
CAN'T BELIEVE YOU'RE MINE
I DON'T KNOW HOW LONG SHE CAN
STAY LOCKED IN HER ROOM, REALLY.
-UH, IT'S--
-I'M BAFFLED.
ARE YOU KIDDING?
SHE CAN STAY THERE FOREVER
IF SHE WANTS TO REALLY
MAKE YOU FEEL BAD.
SHE'S TRYING
TO MAKE A POINT.
UGH, I DON'T KNOW.
YOU KNOW, 10 I COULD DO.
WHEN SHE WAS 11,
SHE WAS SWEET.
I COULD HANDLE IT.
THIS AGE IS--ALL THE DRAMA,
I'M JUST--
I'M NOT CUT OUT FOR THIS.
NOBODY IS.I'M OUT OF MY LEAGUE.
IT'S OUT OF EVERYBODY'S LEAGUE,
THIS AGE.
-TELL ME WHAT TO DO.
-WHAT?
YEAH, I KNOW IT'S STUPID,
BUT JUST TELL ME WHAT TO DO.
THERE'S--I CAN'T--
I CAN'T TELL--
WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO.
YOU HAD ONE.
I DIDN'T DO IT PERFECT LY.
WELL, YOU--
YOU SEE WHAT SHE'S LIKE.
YEAH.SHE'S LIKE--IT'S ALL OVER.
-UP HERE...
-IT'S THE HORMONES, YEAH.
-OR DOWN HERE--
-RIGHT.
-AND I NEED HER IN THE MIDDLE.
-RIGHT HERE.
I'M COMFORTABLE IN THE MIDDLE.
YOU KNOW THAT.
-MM-HMM.
-WHY ARE YOU LAUGHING?
'CAUSE THAT'S NOT
WHAT YOU'RE GONNA GET RIGHT NOW.
I JUST WANT QUALITY TIME
WITH HER,
AND I CAN'T DO IT WHEN SHE'S
SCREAMING AND YELLING--
LOOK, AT THIS AGE,
SHE'S NOT GONNA VOLUNTEER
TO SPEND TIME WITH YOU, SO
YOU HAVE TO MAKE A FUN EVENING.
YOU KNOW, SHE THOUGHT
SHE WAS GOING TO A PARTY.
LET'S--WE'LL HAVE A PARTY.
WE CAN, YOU KNOW, ORDER PIZZA
AND HAVE A GAME NIGHT,
OR SOMETHING.
-GAME NIGHT?
-GAME NIGHT, YEAH.
YOU PLAY GAMES.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO TALK TOO MUCH.
-THAT'S A BRAVERMAN THING.
-IT'S NOT A BRAVERMAN THING.
IT'S JUST
A THING THAT EXISTS.
YOU KNOW, YOU PLAY POKER.
IT'S LIKE THAT, BUT--POKER'S NOT A GAME.
POKER'S--IT'S A--IT'S A--IT'S
AN ART OR A BUSINESS.
-OH, OH.
-IT'S A BUSINESS.
OH, OH, WELL--
I JUST--I JUST FEEL BAD
ABOUT THE WHOLE THING.
SHE WANTS YOU
TO FEEL BAD.
THAT'S HOW IT IS.
CAN'T TAKE IT PERSONALLY.
LOOK, LIKE I SAID, YOU'VE JUST
GOT TO WORK A LITTLE HARDER,
YOU KNOW, SO--
-GAME NIGHT?
-YEAH.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU PLAY FOR MONEY?
-DAD?
-HMM?
I DECIDED I DON'T WANT
TO DO MINI GOLF AND PIZZA
FOR MY BIRTHDAY PARTY THIS YEAR.NO?
WELL, YOUR BIRTHDAY'S IN A
COUPLE OF DAYS, BUDDY. WHAT DO
YOU WANT TO DO?
I WANT TO GO
TO HARRY POTTER WORLD.
YOU PROMISED WE COULD GO.
YOU KNOW, UH,
MAYBE WE CAN GO NEXT YEAR.
THAT'S WHAT YOU
SAID LAST YEAR.
WE'LL LOOK INTO IT, OKAY?
YES! WE'RE GOING
TO HARRY POTTER WORLD.
NO, NO, NO.
MAYBE.
-SHE SAID, "LOOK INTO IT".
-I'LL LOOK INTO IT.
NO, WE'RE GOING!
IT DOESN'T
HURT TO LOOK.
BABE, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE STRESSING OUT ABOUT.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO DECLARE A MAJOR
UNTIL, LIKE,
YOUR JUNIOR YEAR.
I UNDERSTAND THAT,
BUT I'M JUST TRYING TO DO IT NOW
SO THERE'S SPACE IN THE CLASSES.
[laughing]
YOU'RE TOTALLY
OVER-THINKING THIS.
JUST, I DON'T KNOW, LIKE,
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO THE MOST?
IT'S NOT THAT SIMPLE--
NO, IT'S DEFINITELY
THAT SIMPLE.
WHAT DO YOU WANT
TO DO THE MOST?
I HAVE UNTIL MY JUNIOR YEAR
TO FIGURE IT OUT.
EXACTLY. YOU HAVE NO CLUE
WHAT YOU WANT TO DO.
[phone chimes]
EVA WANTS TO GET SUSHI.
I CAN'T--DO YOU WANT TO GO?
I CAN'T GET SUSHI
RIGHT NOW.
OKAY.
NONE OF THIS MATTERS.
YOU REALIZE THAT, RIGHT?
MY DAD SAYS THAT WHEN YOU
GRADUATE, LIKE,
NOBODY EVEN GOES
NEAR THEIR MAJOR AFTERWARDS.
IT'S NOT LIKE PEOPLE
ARE CHECKING YOUR TRANSCRIPT
TO MAKE SURE
YOU CHOSE THE RIGHT COURSES,
AND IT'S NOT LIKE THEY'RE
HIRING ANYBODY ANYWAYS,
SO IT REALLY
DOESN'T MATTER.
I UNDERSTAND THAT,
BUT IT DOES MATTER FOR ME.
YOU KNOW, I'M TRYING
TO PLAN AHEAD RIGHT NOW, AND--
OKAY, NO--
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'M SORRY.
WHAT ABOUT PHILOSOPHY,
OR RUSSIAN LIT?
YOU LOVED THAT
DOSTOYEVSKY CLASS.
I DON'T KNOW.
I'M THINKING ABOUT ECON.
-ECON?
-YEAH.
YOU HATED ECON.
WHY WOULD YOU TAKE ECON?I KNOW,
BUT MAYBE I JUST DIDN'T GIVE
IT A CHANCE, YOU KNOW?
BUT WHAT ARE--
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO WITH ECON?
ARE YOU GONNA BE A BANKER
OR AN ACCOUNTANT?
YEAH, I MEAN,
MONEY--THAT'S, LIKE,
IT'S AN IMPORTANT THING
TO KNOW ABOUT.
OKAY.
I MEAN,
DO WHATEVER YOU WANT.
IT'S YOUR LAST COUPLE YEARS
OF COLLEGE.
IT'S JUST I SEE YOU
AS MORE OF A POET THAN A SUIT.
THANK YOU.
A POET--
I'LL BRING YOU BACK
A TUNA ROLL.
ALL RIGHT.
I CAN HEAR
HIS HEART BEAT.
OKAY, WRAP IT.
WRAP IT.
ALL RIGHT, DR. NORA,
HOW IS OUR PATIENT
DOING TODAY?
WE'VE NOW HAD TWO DATES.
WOULD YOU LIKE TO STAY
THE NIGHT?
UMM...I READ ONLINE
THAT I CAN ASK THAT NOW.
[Kristina]
BUDDY...
-SURE.
-I'M JUST GONNA
WEIGH IN REAL QUICK.
I DON'T THINK
LOOKING ONLINE
IS THE BEST WAY
TO GO ABOUT FIGURING OUT--
SHE ONLY LIKES ME AT 2 1/2,
SO THERE'S NO DESIRE
FOR INTERCOURSE.
-WHAT?
-TMI, DUDE.
OKAY, THAT IS NOT APPROPRIATE.
INTERCOURSING--
FIND OUT IF YOU
CAN SLEEP OVER.
-MAX?
-WHY CAN'T SHE SLEEP OVER?
SHE'S MY FRIEND.
I KNOW SHE'S YOUR FRIEND,
AND YOU KNOW, THAT'S FINE.
MICAH HAS SLEPT OVER.
WHY CAN'T SHE?
WELL, I'M SURE
HER PARENTS PROBABLY
[phone chimes]
MISS HER AND WANT HER HOME.
OH, THEY JUST
TEXTED ME BACK.
THEY'RE IN A MEETING,
BUT THEY SAID IT'S FINE.
THEY ALREADY
TEXTED YOU BACK?
YEAH, SEE?
OH, IT SAYS, "OKAY".
WOW, OKAY THEN, I GUESS
WE'RE HAVING A SLEEPOVER.
-EXCELLENT, LET'S GO UPSTAIRS.
-OH, I CAN'T RIGHT NOW, MAX.
NORA AND I HAVE TO GET A CAST
ON BROWN PUPPY.
UNDERSTOOD.
IT'S A VERY IMPORTANT
DOCTOR WORK.
COME ON. COME, OTIS.
[snapping]
OH, GOOD JOB.
I'LL GO MAKE UP
HADDIE'S ROOM, OKAY?
-OKAY.
-ALL RIGHT.
LET'S HEAR.
FOR A SECOND THERE,
I WAS ACTUALLY EXCITED FOR HER.
I THOUGHT SHE WAS GONNA TELL US
SHE GOT A BETTER JOB.
LOOK, WE HAVE TO GIVE AMBER
A RAISE. IT'S--
HOW? WITH WHAT?
WE'VE BOOKED THE STUDIO THREE
TIMES IN THE LAST THREE MONTHS.
YOU AND I ARE GONNA HAVE
TO START DEFERRING OUR
SALARIES--
YEAH, YEAH, I KNOW THIS.
I'VE HEARD IT.
I DON'T THINK YOU DO.
WE HAVE TO DO
SOMETHING, ADAM.
SHORT OF GETTING REAL JOBS,
I DON'T KNOW WHAT WE'RE SUPPOSED
TO DO TO SUPPORT
OUR RECORDING HOBBY.
WELL, THEN,
WHAT ABOUT AMBER?
-WHAT ABOUT AMBER?
-WELL, SHE'S HAVING A BABY,
AND SHE'S OUR NIECE.
YEAH, I KNOW.
THAT'S WHY I DIDN'T FIRE
HER THREE MONTHS AGO.
AMBER, HI.
HI.
I THOUGHT YOU GUYS MIGHT
WANT A LITTLE MIDDAY TREAT.
-YEAH, THANK YOU.
-AMBER, HEY--
-YOU'RE WELCOME.
-HEY, AMBER, AMBER--
OKAY, THE GAME IS CELEBRITY.
DO YOU KNOW THAT GAME?
-NO.
-NO, OKAY UMM...
YOU WRITE THE NAME OF
FAMOUS PEOPLE
AND THEY CAN BE ANY
KIND OF FAMOUS,
LIKE, IT CAN BE YOU KNOW,
THE PRESIDENT, OR...
SPONGE BOB SQUARE PANTS.
UMM, JUST ANYBODY WHO PEOPLE
KNOW AND YOUR GONNA GIVE CLUES--
GOD, THIS IS LAME.
-NO, IT'S NOT LAME.
-YOU CAN'T SIAAYMEEIERYHTING IS
YOU THOUGHT MONOPLOWVAS LAME.
[knocking] -PEOPLE ACTUALLY DO
THIS? -PEOPLE DO IT AND THEY FUN. AND...
[Hank] COME ON,
TODAY NO SCREEN ALRIGHT.
LET'S JUST PAY THIS GAME.
-WELL THIS CAN'T BE YOUR IDEA. -NO, IT'S NOT MY IDEA...
-HI.
-HI. SORRY, I WAS BUSY LIKE
CRAZY.
OKAY, OKAY TALK
ABOUT IT LATER.
-HEY-HEY.
-HERE SHE IS.
-HERE COMES THE WORLD
REIGNING CHAMP OF GAME NIGHTS
AROUND THE GLOBE.
-WE'RE PLAYING CELEBRITIES.
-OH GREAT, MY SPECIALTY.
GOOD LUCK.
-THOSE ARE FIGHTIN WORDS.
-OKAY, SO YOU GUYS BE A TEAM?
RIGHT?
-YEAH, YEAH. TWO AGAINST
TWO AND A HALF. RIGHT?
[chuckles]
-YEAH.
-HALF OR SIX NINTHS, MAYBE.
[Man on tv]
- I DON'T WANT YOU FIGHTING.
- I HAD TO ADIKA, HE--
I DON'T CARE WHAT THE
REASONS ARE.
I FORBID YOU TO FIGHT.
YES'EM
-HEY.
-HI.
ARE THOSE HADDIE'S?
OH, UM MAX SAID I
COULD WEAR THEM.
OH YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
FOR SURE.
THEY LOOK UM,
THEY LOOK CUTE ON YOU.
THANKS. WHAT ARE YOU WATCHING?
I'M WATCHING--THIS IS UM
TO KILL A MOCKING BIRD.
GREAT MOVIE.
WHERE'S MAX?
WHAT'S HE UP TO?
-WE'RE SEVERATING.
-SEVERATING?
UH-HUH. A GIRL CAN WATCH A GUY
CLEAN HIS LENSES SO MANY TIMES.
I TOTALLY GET IT.
AND I LIKE HANGING
OUT WITH YOU.
I LIKE HANGING OUT
WITH YOU.
IT'S VERY NICE.
-MY PARENTS LOVE THIS MOVIE.
-OH YEAH?
-MM-HM.
-THEY MUST BE MISSING YOU RIGHT
NOW. HUH?
TH EY'LL SURVIVE.
-YEAH.
-UM, YEAH.
IT'S GOOD FOR THEM ACTUALLY.
UM, THEY'RE VERY LIKE
CLINGING YOU KNOW.
-MM-HMM.
-IT'S ALL ABOUT TIME TOGETHER.
"GOTTA SPEND TIME TOGETHER".
MY DAD'S ALWAYS SAYING
"OH YOUR GROWING UP TOO FAST, I
DON'T WANT TO MISS ANYTHING".
AND MY MOM'S LIKE "LET'S GO
SHOPPING, LET'S GO GET
MANI-PEDI'S
LET'S HAVE MOTHER DAUGHTER TIME"
AND IT'S JUST, IT'S CONSTANT,
YOU KNOW.
UH, YEAH THAT'S A LOT.
AND SOMETIMES YOU
JUST WANNA CHILL.
I GET IT. I GET IT.
UM, CAN I STAY TILL THE END?
I'VE NEVER ACTUALLY SEEN IT.
ABSOLUTELY. SURE.
UM, YEP.
SOUNDS GOOD TO ME.
[Man on tv] YOUR GONNA HEAR SOME UGLY TALK
ABOUT THIS. I WANT YOU TO PROMISE ME ONE THING...
OK, UHH "I AM A WILD AND CRAZY
GUY".
THAT'S STEVE MARTIN.
GO-GO-GO.
OK, THEY GAVE AWAY THEIR ALBUM
AND PEOPLE THOUGHT IT WAS WIERD.
OH MY GOD, U2.
GO, GO, GO.
AND UM, THAT DAY TIME TALK
SHOW HOST THAT USE TO BE ON
THE TODAY SHOW.
KATIE COURIC!
QUICK, QUICK, QUICK.
-BICYCLE AND UM "I KNOW YOU ARE
BUT WHAT AM I".
-PEE-WEE?
-YEAH
BAD IMPRESSION.
AND UM, MY SECRET BOYFRIEND ALSO
KNOWN AS JASON BOURNE.
MATT DAMON.
UH-HUH. AND I TRIED THIS
HAIRCUT. IT WAS A TERRIBLE
FAILURE.
THE RACHEL.
VERY BAD.
OKAY, AND UM...OH.
I'M A COUNTRY SINGER AND I...
DOLLY PARTON.
H EY-OH.
OOH, "I DID NOT HAVE RELATIONS
WITH THAT WOMAN".
OH, BILL CLINTON.
GO, GO, GO, GO.
CLANK-CLANK-CLAN K.
WITH THE TROLLY.
J-JUDY GARLAND!
[Alarm]
TIME, TIME.
-YAHOO!
-HOW MANY?
ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR, FIVE,
SIX, SEVEN, EIGHT, NINE, TEN...
11, 12.
12!
WOW, THAT IS TRUE DEVASTATION
[Sarah]
ALRIGHT, YOUR TURN RUBY.
GET IT, GET IT.
-WHAT?
-LIKE A SECRET THING YOU GOT.
A LITTLE SECRET LANGUAGE.
-WHAT? NO.
-ALRIGHT, WE CAN BEAT THEM.
TEAM RIZZOLI.
-TEAM RIZZOLI. WOO.
-LET'S GO. READY?
ALRIGHT, IS THE TIMER READY?
-I'M SORRY.
-GET READY. HERE WE GO.
-ALRIGHT COME ON, WE GOT THIS.
-OKAY TEAM RIZOLLI. AND GO.
UM, OH, TEAM PEETA?
-UH, HUNGRY GAMES, HUNGER GAMES.
-YES, YEAH-YEAH...
I HAD A POSTER OF HIM OVER MY
BED. IT'S THE GUY FROM
HUNGER GAMES.
-OH. OH.
-I HAD A POSTER OF HIM...
-OH THAT KID.
-HE'S CUTE.
OH YEAH THE KID.
JUST PASS.
OKAY, UM.
OH. MOMS CELEBRITY CRUSH.
SHAFT.
I DON'T KNOW.
-NO, HE WAS IN E.R. AND...
-CLOONEY! GEORGE CLOONEY.
-YEAH!
-ALRIGHT!
[Amber]
-NOW YOUR IN BUSINESS
OKAY, UM. HER HIPS DON'T LIE.
UMM...
OPRAH.
SHE'S ON THE VOICE.
SHE HAS THE BLONDE...
I DON'T KNOW, PASS. PASS,
PASS, PASS I'M NOT GOING TO GET
THAT.
-HE DOESN'T KNOW.
-OKAY.
I DON'T, I DON'T KNOW
WHO THIS IS.
-PASS IT
-PASS IT.
YOU COULD ALWAYS SOUND
IT OUT IF IT'S LIKE,
YOU KNOW...
OH. I'M ALLERGIC TO THESE.
-OH.
-OH. PERFECT.
-DAD?
-JUST PASS, JUST PASS.
-NO IT'S REALLY EASY.
-HURRY UP. HOW MUCH TIME
DO WE HAVE LEFT?
OH MY GOD.
-DAD?
-PASS! PASS!
NO, YOU KNOW IT.
[alarm]
I'M ALLERGIC TO PEANUTS. DAD.
COME ON, I DIDN'T KNOW THAT,
YOU GAVE IT TO ME OUT OF
CONTEXT.
WHO THE HELL ARE
THE PEANUTSANYWAY?
THE PEANUTSIS LUCY AND CHARLIE
BROWN ANDKN'OVT? YOU DIDN'T
-NO I DIDN'T KNOW.
-THAT'S WHY I WAS TELLING
YOU TO PASS IT.
WELL OK.
I PASS OK.
GAME NIGHT SUCKS!
PEAN UTS?
WROTE THAT ONE?
-I WROTE IT.
-OH.
MAX.
WHAT DO YOU SAY YOU TURN THE
LIGHTS OUT TEN MINUTES. OKAY?
I JUST HAVE THIS ONE
MORE LENSE TO CLEAN.
ALRIGHT.
AND, I WANT YOU TO HEAD
DOWN STAIRS AND SAY GOOD
NIGHT TO YOUR FRIEND. OKAY?
GIVE HER SOME EYE CONTACT.
MAYBE A LITTLE SMILE.
-OK.
-ALRIGHT.
-DAD.
-YEAH.
DO YOU THINK SHE LIKES
ME A THREE YET?
SHE SAID I HAVE NICE EYES.
WELL, THEN I'D SAY YOU'RE
HEADED IN THAT DIRECTION MAX.
GOOD-NIGHT.
[door closes]
I'M JUST SAYING
I THINK SHE ACTUALLY LIKES HIM.
-MM-HMM.
-LIKE, LIKES HIM, LIKES HIM.
-MM. YEP...
-WHAT?
OR MAYBE SHE LIKES US.
-WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
-I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST--I CAN'T PUT
MY FINGER ON IT,
BUT WHENEVER SHE'S HERE,
SHE'S PLAYING WITH NORA,
OR SHE'S WANTING TO BE
NEXT TO ME AND HANGING OUT,
AND MAX IS SOMETIMES
NOWHERE TO BE FOUND.
WELL, NORA'S CUTE.
YOU'RE FUN.
I KNOW,
BUT IT'S JUST
SOMETIMES IT'S--
I WANT TO MAKE SURE
THAT WHEN SHE'S HERE,
SHE WANTS TO SPEND
TIME WITH MAX.
LIKE, SHE'S NOT HERE BECAUSE
SHE'S MISSING HER PARENTS, OR--
I THINK SHE IS.
I THINK SHE LIKES HIM.
I THINK WE'RE A BONUS.
IT'S LIKE WHEN YOU FIRST
STARTED GOING OUT WITH ME.
THE BRAVERMANS
WERE JUST A BONUS.
YEAH.
YES, I--YES, IT WAS.
I JUST--
I DON'T WANT--
I DON'T WANT
THIS TO GET BLURRED, THAT'S ALL.
YOU KNOW? I WANT TO BE SURE
THAT WE'RE PROTECTING MAX.
I DON'T THINK WE HAVE
TO WORRY ABOUT IT.
-OKAY.
-SHE LIKES HIM.
-RIGHT.
-LOOK, HE SAID SHE SAID
HE HAS NICE EYES.
COME ON.
SHE LIKES HIM.
GOOD NIGHT, HONEY.
GOOD NIGHT.
CAN NEVER BE UP
WHERE YOU ARE
[door Opening]
RESTING UPON YOUR...
[keys clattering]
-HEY.
-SORRY.
HI.
I DIDN'T MEAN
TO WAKE YOU, SO--
MM-HMM.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
WHAT TIME IS IT?
[snickers]
I WAS--I WAS STUDYING
AT A FRIEND'S...
OKAY?
OKAY.
-PLEASE, DON'T TELL MY DAD.
-OKAY. ALL RIGHT.
-PLEASE.
-SHH, SHH, SHH, SHH, SHH.
HEY, PEOPLE ARE SLEEPING.
I DON'T FEEL GOOD.
OH, BOY, OKAY.
HANG ON.
-OKAY.
-LET'S GO TO THE BATHROOM.
QUICK, QUICK. QUICKLY,
QUICKLY TO THE BATHROOM.
[retching]
YOU ALL RIGHT?
OH, GOD.
-[vomiting]
-OKAY, YOUR HAIR--
ALL RIGHT, IT SEEMS
LIKE IT'S MOSTLY ALL OUT, HUH?
I HOPE SO.
FEEL A LITTLE BIT BETTER?
OKAY, HERE YOU GO.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
IT'S OKAY.
SHH, SHH, SHH.
HERE.
MUCH MORE THAN BEFORE
MMM-MM-MM-MM-MMM
THERE YOU ARE.
OKAY, SO AFTER FOUR HOURS
ON EXPEDIA,
I THINK I GOT THIS WHOLE
THING FIGURED OUT.
SO, THE THREE OF US CAN GO
TO ORLANDO FOR THE WEEKEND.
FLIGHTS, HOTELS, THEME PARK,
FOOD FOR UNDER $2,000,
AND MY MOM SAID THAT SHE
WOULD WATCH AIDA.
NOW, I KNOW THAT
THIS IS A SPLURGE,
BUT YOU KNOW, I THINK--
I THINK WE CAN SWING IT.
HONEY,
WE CAN'T--
WE CAN'T AFFORD THAT.
WE CAN'T...WHY?
-EVEN CLOSE TO AFFORD THAT.
-WHY NOT?
IT WAS A REALLY GOOD DEAL.
WHAT?
I THINK I'M LOSING
MY BUSINESS.
I THINK THE LUNCHEONETTE'S
GOING UNDER.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE
MIXING AN ALBUM AND...
YOU GUYS HAD WORK.
THERE'S NOT AN ALBUM.
I'M NOT MIXING AN ALBUM.
THEN WHAT WERE YOU DOING
THERE EVERY NIGHT?
I DON'T KNOW.
HIDING, AND PANICKING,
AND PLAYING CANDY CRUSH--
A LOT OF CANDY CRUSH.
I SHOULD'VE TOLD
YOU SOONER.YEAH.
I'M SORRY. YOU KNOW,
YOU CAN YELL AT ME.
IN FACT, IT WOULD
PROBABLY HELP IF YOU DID.
I DON'T WANT
TO YELL AT YOU.
I JUST DON'T WANT
YOU HIDING FROM ME.
I'M JUST GOING
ROUND AND ROUND,
THINKING ABOUT
IF I LOSE THE LUNCHEONETTE
THEN I HAVE NO INCOME.
IF I HAVE NO INCOME,
WE HAVE TO SELL THE HOUSE.
I'M GONNA LITERALLY LOSE
THE ROOF OVER OUR KIDS' HEADS,
AND THEN, WE'RE GONNA
HAVE TO SELL IT
AND MOVE TO SOME OTHER DISTRICT,
AND JABBAR'S GONNA
HAVE TO MAKE ALL NEW FRIENDS,
AND THE WHOLE THING'S ON ME--
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA,
WHOA, WHOA WHOA--
AND THEN, SOMEHOW,
IN THE MIDDLE OF ALL THAT,
I HAVE TO FIGURE OUT
HOW TO GET HIM TO HOGWARTS.
BABY--
I LOVE OUR HOUSE.
I DON'T WANT TO LEAVE HERE.
I'M SO SORRY THAT I GOT US
IN THIS SITUATION.
I LOVE OUR HOUSE TOO.
YOU BUILT US
A BEAUTIFUL HOUSE.
AND THE LUNCHEONETTE
IS AN AMAZING PLACE
THAT YOU MADE HAPPEN.
MM-HMM.
BUT I DON'T CARE
ABOUT ANY OF THAT.
LOSING THOSE THINGS
DOESN'T SCARE ME AT ALL.
YOU NOT TALKING TO ME,
AND YOU RIDING OFF IN THE MIDDLE
OF THE NIGHT--THAT SCARES ME.
HEY...
YOU'RE MY GUY...
FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE.
YOU'RE ALL WE NEED.
-HEY, BUD.
-HEY.
CAN WE TALK FOR A SEC?
YEAH, SURE.
SO YOUR DAD
AND I DID SOME RESEARCH
ON HARRY POTTER WORLD,
AND WE'RE SORRY, BUDDY,
BUT IT WAS JUST
TOO EXPENSIVE.
WE CAN'T GO.
WHEN CAN WE GO?
YOU KNOW,
THE SECOND WE'RE ABLE TO,
I PROMISE, WE ARE GOING.
JUST NOT RIGHT NOW.
MAYBE I CAN HELP.
I CAN WASH GRANDPA'S TRUCK,
OR WE CAN EVEN
HAVE A GARAGE SALE.
I'LL EVEN PAY
FOR MY OWN PLANE TICKET.
THAT IS SUCH A BIG BOY THING
TO SAY, SWEETIE,
AND THANK YOU, BUT WE PROMISE
WE'LL GET THERE ONE DAY.
-HEY, WAKE UP.
-NO.
COME ON,
WAKE UP FOR A SEC.
-STOP.
-I KNOW, IT'S TERRIBLE.
I'M THE DEVIL.
WAKE UP.
I'VE GOT TO TALK TO YOU.
I GOTTA GO TO WORK,
BUT HERE.
I DON'T DRINK COFFEE.
WELL, YOU MIGHT WANT
TO RECONSIDER JUST THIS ONCE,
'CAUSE IT'S PROBABLY GONNA
MAKE YOU FEEL BETTER.
OW...
OH, GOD,
IS HE OUT THERE YET?
NO. I TOLD YOU
I WOULDN'T TELL HIM,
AND I DIDN'T.
OKAY.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, AMBER.
HONESTLY,
FOR EVERYTHING, I--
DON'T--DON'T GET USED
TO IT, OKAY?
'CAUSE I'M NOT ALWAYS GONNA
BE HERE TO COVER FOR YOU,
SO YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO
TAKE A LITTLE BIT
BETTER CARE
OF YOURSELF.
ALL RIGHT.
DO YOU WANT TO--
YOU WANT TO TALK ABOUT
WHAT HAPPENED LAST NIGHT?
THESE GUYS, THEY, LIKE--
THEY BROUGHT A BEER BONG.
AND I DON'T KNOW...
I JUST--I FELT LIKE I
NEEDED TO PARTICIPATE,
AND IT JUST--
YEAH.
PEER PRESSURE.
YEAH, IT'S A CLASSIC.
YEAH.
GOD.
MAN.
LOOK,
I AM BASICALLY THE LAST PERSON
THAT CAN TELL YOU NOT TO DRINK,
-I KNOW.
-BUT, UM...I DON'T KNOW.
JUST TRY TO REMEMBER
HOW BAD IT MADE YOU FEEL.
AND IN MY EXPERIENCE,
ALMOST NOTHING GOOD
EVER COMES OF A NIGHT LIKE THAT.
RIGHT.
AND YOU KNOW...
ABOUT YOUR DAD,
YOU KNOW...
YOUR DAD IS TRYING,
AND MY DAD...
DIDN'T EVEN
GIVE IT A SHOT,
AN D--
REALLY?
MY DAD WASN'T EVEN THERE.
I MEAN, HE DIDN'T EVEN--
HE DIDN'T EVEN TRY,
AND I KNOW IT'S KIND
OF EMBARRASSING,
BUT, YOU KNOW, AT LEAST YOUR DAD
IS DOING THE BEST HE CAN.
I THINK YOU SHOULD CUT
HIM SOME SLACK, SERIOUSLY,
BECAUSE YOU'RE LUCKY
TO HAVE HIM.
I GET IT.
I DO.
AND IT'S COOL
THAT YOU HAVE SUCH
A GOOD RELATIONSHIP
WITH YOUR MOM,
YOU KNOW?
YEAH, IT IS.
IT'S GREAT,
BUT IT TOOK
A LOT OF HARD WORK
AND UNPLEASANT SITUATIONS
TO GET US THERE.
BUT NOW,
SHE'S MY BEST FRIEND.
SO...
TRY, OKAY?ALL RIGHT.
AND IN THE MEANTIME,
YOU CAN TAKE SOLACE IN THE FACT
THAT I WAS MUCH WORSE
THAN YOU ARE AT YOUR AGE,
SO THERE'S HOPE
FOR YOU YET.
-REALLY?
-MUCH WORSE.
-OKAY.
-SO THINK ABOUT IT.
YEAH, SO, I'M JUST TRYING
TO THINK ABOUT MY FUTURE
AND WHAT ACTUALLY
MAKES SENSE FOR ME,
BUT YOU WERE
A BUSINESS MAJOR, RIGHT?
YEAH, MANAGEMENT
AND STRATEGY.
YEAH, SO I WAS THINKING
OF DOING ECONOMICS.
IT SAYS THAT IT, LIKE,
HAS THE MOST OPTIONS,
FROM WHAT I'VE READ.
YOU KNOW, YOU CAN GO INTO, LIKE,
ACCOUNTING OR FINANCE WITH THAT.
AT LEAST, YOU CAN GO
TO GRADUATE BUSINESS SCHOOL.
YEAH, ECONOMICS IS GREAT.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOU WOULD HAVE
A LOT OF OPTIONS.
BUT DREW, I REMEMBER BEING
WHERE YOU'RE AT,
AND I THOUGHT
REAL PRACTICALLY.
I DIDN'T REALLY THINK
ABOUT MY DREAMS,
OR WHAT I REALLY
WANTED TO DO.
I JUST--I WANTED TO GET
A GOOD, SOLID MAJOR
SO I COULD GET
A GOOD JOB, RIGHT?
BUT YOU'RE AT THIS GREAT SCHOOL,
BERKELEY, RIGHT?
YOU CAN EXPLORE ANYTHING
YOU WANT.
YOU DON'T HAVE ANY MAJOR
RESPONSIBILITIES RIGHT NOW.
AND THAT'S WHAT YOU SHOULD DO.
YOU SHOULD EXPLORE.
FIGURE OUT WHAT MAKES YOU HAPPY,
AND JUST FOLLOW YOUR DREAMS.
DON'T WORRY
ABOUT MAKING MONEY.
NOT RIGHT NOW.
HOLD ON A SECOND.
IS THAT THE ADVICE
YOU JUST GAVE HIM?
"FOLLOW YOUR DREAMS, DON'T--YEAH.
NO.
LISTEN TO MY ADVICE.
LEARN HOW TO MAKE MONEY
WHILE YOU'RE THERE, ALL RIGHT?
MAKE AS MUCH OF IT
AS YOU CAN,
BECAUSE THAT OLD ADAGE, "MONEY
CAN'T BUY YOU HAPPINESS", IT
IT ABSOLUTELY BUYS YOU
HAPPINESS.
[Adam] I DON'T THINK THAT'S
TRUE. I THINK THAT MONEY CAN BUY
YOU PEACE OF MIND,
BUT NOT NECESSARILY
HAPPINESS.
YEAH, AND THE LAST TIME
I CHECKED,
PEACE OF MIND IS THE DEFINITION
OF HAPPINESS, SO MAKE MONEY.
GREED IS GOOD.
WELL--
SEE YOU AFTER SCHOOL,
MRS. B.
OH, HEY, DYLAN.
ACTUALLY, HONEY, CAN I--
I JUST WANT TO TALK
TO YOU ABOUT THAT.
OH, IS TODAY NOT GOOD
FOR YOU GUYS?
NO, NO, IT'S NOT THAT.
I JUST--
I WANT YOU
TO KNOW THAT I--
I REACHED OUT
TO YOUR PARENTS.
I TRIED TO CALL THEM,
AND DIDN'T GET THROUGH TO THEM.
I LEFT A MESSAGE--
YEAH,
I SHOULD'VE TOLD YOU.
THEY WERE OUT OF TOWN.
IT'S OKAY.
THEY'RE--
THEY'RE NOT HORRIBLE PEOPLE.
THEY'RE JUST
NOT AROUND A LOT,
WITH THEIR COMPANY
AND EVERYTHING.
GOT IT.
OKAY,
THAT'S NOT A PROBLEM.
I JUST--I KNOW THAT YOU'RE AWARE
MAX HAS FEELINGS FOR YOU.
YOU KNOW THAT HE THINKS
THAT THERE'S THIS--
THIS STRONG FRIENDSHIP
BETWEEN THE TWO OF YOU,
AND THAT THERE'S SOMETHING
THERE, AND--I JUST WANT TO BE
SURE THAT YOU'RE COMING
OVER TO HANG OUT WITH HIM,
NOT JUST US,
BECAUSE YOU MISS YOUR--
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
-YEAH.
MAX REALLY,
REALLY LIKES YOU.
YEAH,
I THINK MAX IS AWESOME.
YEAH, HE IS AWESOME.
HE'S AN AWESOME KID.
I LIKE BOTH OF YOU.
I LIKE ALL OF YOU,
BUT SOMETIMES MAX IS FUNNY,
AND SOMETIMES MAX IS BORING,
AND I LIKE TALKING TO YOU
WHEN HE'S BORING.
MY--MY HOME
IS PRETTY BORING TOO,
BUT I'M OKAY
STAYING BY MYSELF.
IT'S FINE, SO...
NO, ABSOLUTELY NOT.
YOU'RE COMING OVER TODAY,
AFTER SCHOOL.
I JUST--I WANTED TO LET
YOU KNOW, THAT'S ALL.
OKAY?
I INSIST.
IT'S ALL GOOD.
OKAY.
OKAY?
-GREAT.
-BYE MRS. B. YEP.
-I'LL SEE YOU AFTER SCHOOL.
-WE'LL BAKE SOMETHING.
-OKAY.
HEY, AMBER.
BROUGHT YOU SOME HERBAL TEA--
LITTLE PEACE OFFERING.
IT'S DECAF.
THAN KS.
H EY,
WE'RE REALLY SORRY
THAT YOU OVERHEARD US
TALKING ABOUT YOU.
WE JUST DON'T WANT
YOU TO WORRY ABOUT THE
BUSINESS STUFF.
THAT'S OUR JOB.
BUT THAT'S, LIKE,
EXACTLY MY POINT--
IS THAT IT'S MY JOB TOO.
I'M A BIG PART
OF THIS COMPANY.
YOU KNOW,
I ASKED YOU
FOR A RAISE
BECAUSE I THINK I DESERVE IT,
NOT BECAUSE I'M, LIKE,
PREGNANT OR YOUR NIECE.
IT'S BECAUSE I WORK REALLY,
REALLY HARD.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOU WORK AS HARD AS WE DO.
YOU KNOW,
IT'S JUST FRUSTRATING,
BECAUSE YOU WEREN'T, LIKE,
HONEST OR STRAIGHTFORWARD
WITH ME ABOUT IT,
AND SO I DIDN'T EVEN GET
THE CHANCE TO, LIKE,
LOOK FOR OTHER OPPORTUNITIES
IF THIS FALLS THROUGH, YOU KNOW?
AND NOW,
I'M LIKE A TOTAL PIGGY,
AND NOBODY'S GONNA WANT TO HIRE
ME, AND I HAVE NO OPTIONS.
WELL, OKAY, FIRST OF ALL,
YOU'RE NOT A PIGGY.
YOU LOOK FANTASTIC.
SECONDLY,
YOU'RE GONNA BE FINE.
WE'RE--WE'RE GONNA
GET THROUGH THIS TOGETHER.
I MEAN, WE HAVE
A SECRET WEAPON.
THIS IS MR. BACKUP PLAN.
HE'S GOT BACKUP PLANS
FOR HIS BACKUP PLAN, RIGHT?
I DO.
I GOT A BACKUP PLAN
FOR THAT BACKUP PLAN.
[Crosby]
IT'S ALL GONNA WORK OUT.
WE'RE FINE.
-RIGHT.
-YOU'RE IN GOOD HANDS.
YEP.
-HEY.
-HEY, HONEY.
HEY, DID YOU KNOW THAT
WE ARE OVERDRAWN AND
LATE ON TWO BILLS?
I'M NOT SURE
WHAT'S GOING ON.
I ALSO KEEP FORGETTING TO TELL
YOU, IT'S TOTALLY MY FAULT,
BUT THE CHECK ENGINE LIGHT
IN MY CAR IS ON.
GREAT,
THAT'S ALL I NEED.
I JUST CHANGED THE OIL
IN THAT THING.
OKAY, I CAN TAKE IT IN.
IT'S OKAY.
-NO, NO, NO, I'M SORRY.
-I'LL TAKE IT IN. I'M--
NO, I'LL TAKE IT IN.
I'LL TAKE THE CAR IN.
IT'S NOT THE CAR, IT'S JUST
EVERYTHING ELSE RIGHT NOW.
I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE.
-I--BELIEVE ME--
-EVERYBODY NEEDS SOMETHING
FROM ME--IT'S MOM AND IT'S DAD.
IT'S CROSBY
AT THE LUNCHEONETTE.
IT'S LIKE A WEIGHT AROUND
MY NECK, AND I WANT IT GONE.
AND I COULD CALL
A HEADHUNTER TOMORROW.
I COULD GET A JOB JOB,
AND I COULD GET THE
LUNCHEONETTE OFF MY PLATE.
I COULD DO THAT, AND IT WOULD
MAKE MY LIFE A LOT EASIER.
YEP.
YOU COULD.
YOU COULD ABSOLUTELY DO
ALL OF THAT, BUT YOU WON'T.
HONEY,
THAT'S NOT
WHO YOU ARE.
YOU DON'T JUST
GET INTO SOMETHING
AND JUST WALK
AWAY FROM IT.
KRISTINA--I'VE KNOWN YOU FOR SO LONG...
AND I KNOW THAT DEEP DOWN,
YOU ACT UALLY--I DON'T KNOW.
YOU LIKE IT.
NO, I DON'T.YOU LIKE HELPING PEOPLE.
YOU DON'T LIKE
TORTURING YOURSELF,
BUT YOU LIKE
HELPING PEOPLE.
IT'S PART OF THE REASON
WHY I LOVE YOU.
IT'S WHAT MAKES YOU YOU.
-YEAH .
-YOU KNOW?
-I'M MY OWN, WORST ENEMY.
-YOU ARE.
IT'S WHAT MAKES YOU ADAM.
AND SEE, THE BEST PART...
-YEAH?
-IS THAT YOU TAKE CARE
OF EVERYBODY ELSE...
-MM-HMM.
-AND I GET TO
TAKE CARE OF YOU.
HOW ARE YOU GONNA DO THAT?
WELL, I HAVE MY WAYS.
-OH, YEAH?
-I HAVE A PLAN, ACTUALLY.
-YOU DO?
-YEP.
-YOU HAVE A PLAN OF ATTACK?
-MM-HMM. MOVE YOUR HANDS.
-HONEY, HONEY--
-WOW.
-WATCH THE MOVIE.
-THIS IS--WHAT IS THIS?
SMOKEY AND THE BANDIT-- BREAKFAST CLUB.
IT'S A CLASSIC.
YOU EVEN KNOW--IT DOESN'T
RING ANY BELL FOR YOU?
IT'S ELMO'S THING--
OR WHATEVER--FIRE?
-WHAT? NO.
-YOU KNOW, THE KIDS--
SOME OF THE SAME PEOPLE,
BUT THIS IS BETTER, I THINK.
-IT'S NOT MY THING.
-YOU DON'T LIKE GOOD MOVIES?
YEAH,
PATTONAND ROCKY.
THOSE ARE THE ONLY TWO?
-OH.
-HEY.
OH, WOW, YOU'RE ALIVE.
UM...I JUST WANTED TO SAY
THAT I'M SORRY
I ACTED LIKE SUCH A JERK
AT GAME NIGHT.
WOW, OKAY.
YOU'RE APOLOGIZING?
WELL, YEAH.
YOU GUYS JUST--
YOU WANTED TO HAVE FUN
AND SPEND SOME TIME WITH ME,
AND I THINK IT WAS REALLY COOL
THAT YOU WANTED TO DO THAT, SO--
HM, COOL?
YOU THOUGHT IT WAS--
YEAH, OKAY.
AND SARAH, THANK YOU
FOR TRYING TO DO SOMETHING
SPECIAL FOR ME.
YOU KNOW, WITH YOUR WHOLE, LIKE,
FAMILY TRADITION AND EVERYTHING.
SO--YOU'RE WELCOME.
SO, YEAH...
I LOVE YOU, DAD.OH...HUH.
AND I'LL SEE
YOU GUYS LATER.
I'M GONNA GO OVER TO
SADIE'S TO STUDY, SO--
OH, WAIT, RU BY--
RUBY, HOLD ON.
HOLD ON, RUBY.
IT'S--IT'S--
IT'S FOR REAL STUDY
THIS TIME.
I PROMISE. AND I'LL CALL YOU
WHEN I GET THERE.
IS THAT OKAY?
ALL RIGHT, YEAH.
I MEAN, THAT SOUNDS GOOD.
ALL RIGHT.
BYE, GUYS.
-OKAY.
I LOVE YOU TOO.
NO, NO, NO.HOW DID THAT HAPPEN?
DON'T EVEN--
DON'T EVEN QUESTION IT.
JUST--
LET'S JUST
ENJOY THE WIN.
HOW LONG'S IT GONNA LAST?
-NOT VERY LONG.
-[chuckles]
-YOU'RE REALLY DOING THIS?
-YEP. I HAVE TO DO IT, SO--
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
YOU HAVE TO DO IT?
BECAUSE I'M GONNA
GRADUATE IN THREE YEARS...
-OKAY.
-AND I NEED TO GET OUT OF HERE
MAKING SOME MONEY.
MY SISTER'S ABOUT TO HAVE
A BABY...
GREAT, AND WHAT DOES THAT
HAVE TO DO WITH YOU?
I THOUGHT I'D JUST BE
RESPONSIBLETA_|BI(I\JIET THE WHOLE
I'M THE ONLY ONE IN MY
FAMILY THAT'S GONE TO COLLEGE.
I NEED TO BE RESPONSIBLE
ABOUT THIS AND GET A JOB
THAT PAYS ME MONEY
RIGHT OUT OF SCHOOL.
-DREW, LOOK. HEY, LOOK AT ME.
-THAT'S THE WHOLE POINT.
I THINK THAT IT'S
GREAT THAT YOU WANT TO
HELP YOUR SISTER.
I THINK THAT'S
REALLY AWESOME,
BUT YOU DON'T HAVE
TO CHANGE YOUR LIFE FOR HER.
I'M NOT CHANGING MY LIFE
FOR HER.
THIS IS YOUR LIFE.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO TAKE THAT ON.
YEAH, EXACTLY.
THIS IS MY LIFE.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
IT'S DIFFERENT THAN YOURS.
I HAVE TO PAY OFF
MY STUDENT LOANS WHEN I LEAVE.
MY MOM'S NOT
GONNA HELP ME.
MY PARENTS--THEY CAN'T FLOAT ME
IF I CAN'T GET A JOB, LIKE YOU.
ALL RIGHT? I HAVE TO BE THE ONE
THAT MAKES MONEY,
AND I'VE GOT
TO TRY TO HELP MY SISTER.
THAT IS MY LIFE.
I'M NOT CHANGING IT.
IT'S THE REALITY.
SAY I DON'T LOOK
MUCH LIKE A LOVER
DOESN'T MEAN
THAT I WON'T TRY
TO SET YOUR WORLD
ON FIRE
EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE
WE LIE
ON THE KITCHEN FLOOR
[Door closes]
HEY.
WHAT'S UP?
KIND OF QUIET IN HERE
THESE DAYS, HUH?
YEAH, A LITTLE BIT,
BUT THERE'S ALWAYS...
-PEANUTS.
-CLEANING PEANUTS TO DO.
-HOW YOU FEELING?
-I FEEL OKAY.
-GOOD.
-WHAT'S GOING ON?
YOU ASKED ME TO BE
HONEST WITH YOU, AND...
I DON'T HAVE
A BACKUP PLAN.
I DON'T HAVE A BACKUP PLAN
FOR MY BACKUP PLAN.
I JUST KNOW THAT
I'M NOT GONNA QUIT
UNTIL YOU GET THIS RAISE
THAT YOU DESERVE.
OKAY?
WE'RE FAMILY, AND WE'RE
GONNA TAKE CARE OF YOU.
OKAY?
-THANKS, BOSS.
-ALL RIGHT.
I LOVE YOU.
LOVE YOU TOO.
GOES AS FAR
AS THE EYE CAN SEE
I WON'T STAND
IN YOUR WAY
-IT'S STUCK.
-I CAN'T OPEN IT.
HEY, HOW'S IT GOING?
GOOD.
WHAT SMELLS SO GOOD?
-LASAGNA.
-OOH, WORKS FOR ME.
YOU'RE WELCOME TO STAY
IF YOU WANT.
YOUR FOLKS ARE STILL
OUT OF TOWN?
YEAH. I DON'T KNOW.
MAX, ARE YOU SICK OF ME YET?
NO.
ALL RIGHT, LOOKS
LIKE WE'RE HAVING A SLEEPOVER.
[Dylan]
GREAT.
THANKS MRS. B.
YOU GOT IT.
[Crosby]
HEY, BACK FROM
GRANDMA AND GRANDPA'S.
-ALL RIGHT.
-LOOK WHAT THEY GOT ME.
-OH, OKAY.
-CAN I GO PLAY?
IN A MINUTE.
YOU LEFT YOUR SHOES OUTSIDE.
CAN YOU GO GET THEM, PLEASE?
BRING THEM INSIDE?
YEAH, BUT IN A MINUTE.
HOLD ON.
-NO, RIGHT NOW.
-NO, NO, NO, NO.
GO, GO, GO, GO.
LISTEN TO YOUR MOM. GO, GO.
RIGHT NOW.
THANK YOU.
all: SURPRISE!
WHOA!
OH, MY GOSH!
-WOOHOO!
-WHOA, WHOA, COOL.
JABBAR,
WELCOME TO HOGWARTS.
YOU ARE A LUCKY KID.
YOUR MOM WENT ALL OUT.
ALL RIGHT, JABBAR TRUSSELL,
COME FORTH,
AND THE SORTING HAT
SHALL BE PLACED ON YOUR HEAD.
WHAT HAVE WE HERE?
HE'S BRAVE OF HEART, AN OKAY
MIND, AND BEAUTIFUL HAIR!
GRYFFINDOR!
all: [cheering]
I AM TRYING
THE BEST THAT I CAN
I AM, I AM TRYING
ALMOST AS GOOD
AS THE REAL THING.
ALMOST.
THE BEST THAT I CAN